what can I say
the minister defended
first six months
work must do
nobody wants to sell me
the sign
these questions
period of 2009
the strengths
have spoken
our life in the sport the same way
thanks
units invited
integrated into the site
for sure
even because I'm proud to be here too
work issues
accessibility and accessibility
nothing seems to be interesting to me
earth is not this
one of mine
the unity of the party
the firemen I talked to the romario
that I lived with him
on the slope here in parliament
also in Rio de Janeiro that caused more
he is the person who sooner or later colder
the sale process
it was not so effective, tell me
I really feel
I'm glad to see
the work
the environment
a bosom friend
More from the farm
can be sure
the Rotterdam tournament
also
I want to work harder to do more
all this force that even received in this moment in which began
in this sense
this can be seen in the next six months
the next
three years after six months
You'll be much more surprised by the work.
more stop